@c Local settings

@set coursenumber COS 450
@set localpintostarpath /usr/class/cos450/pintos/pintos.tar.gz
@set localpintoshttppath http://@/people.usm.maine.edu/@/houser/@/cos450/@/pintos.@/tar.gz
@set localpintosbindir /usr/class/cos450/bin
@set localpintosgit https://github.com/USM-COS450-F18-USERNAME/pintos.git
@set gitrepo git://pintos-os.org/pintos-anon

@set recommendgit
@clear recommendcvs
@set recommendvnc
@set recommendgit
@clear recommendcygwin
@clear recommendcvs

@macro localmachines{}
To ease your development efforts, we've created a @uref{http://virtualbox.org, VirtualBox}
Virtual Machine image, running @uref{http://ubuntu.org, Ubuntu Linux} that 
contains all the necessary development, testing, and debugging
tools for the course (gcc, make, gdb, bochs, QEMU, etc.). 
The image includes the compiler and emulators needed to compile, run, and debug
all the projects throughout the entire course. To keep the image small there is
no graphical user interface environment.

There are a few ways you can edit your code using VirtualBox and the image:
@enumerate
@item Use @code{vim} on the virtual machine either it's console or via @code{ssh}
@item Add a GUI environment (XWindows) to the virtual machine image and install a GUI editor.
@item Use VirtualBox Shared Folders and use a host-based editor (VSCode, Sublime, Atom, etc.)
@end enumerate

@uref{http://virtualbox.org, VirtualBox} is available on the Linux and Windows
machines in the @uref{http://usm.maine.edu/cos/unix-lab-guide, USM CS Lab}. 
It is also freely available for you to use on your own computer 
(Linux, Windows, or macOS).

@end macro

@macro localpathsetup{}
@end macro

@macro localcrossbuild{}
Watch the commands executed during the build.  On the Linux machines,
the ordinary system tools are used.
@end macro

@macro localhonorcodepolicy{}
In the context of USM's COS 450 course, please respect the spirit
and the letter of the honor code by refraining from reading any homework
solutions available online or elsewhere.  Reading the source code for
other operating system kernels, such as Linux or FreeBSD, is allowed,
but do not copy code from them literally.  Please cite the code that
inspired your own in your design documentation.
@end macro

@macro localcredits{}
Local changes for Computer Science at the University of Southern Maine
by Stephen Houser @email{houser@@maine.edu}.
@end macro

@macro localcvspolicy{}
Instead, we recommend integrating your team's changes early and often,
using a source code control system such as Git (@pxref{Git}).
This is less likely to produce surprises, because everyone can see
everyone else's code as it is written, instead of just when it is
finished.  Source code control systems also make it possible to review 
changes and, when a change introduces a bug, drop back to working 
versions of code.
@end macro

@macro localcodingstandards{}
All of you should have taken a class like COS 160, so we expect you to be
familiar with some set of coding standards such as
@uref{http://stephenhouser.com/cos450,
, USM CS Coding Standards}. Even if you've taken COS 160, we recommend
reviewing that document.  We expect code at the ``Peer-Review Quality''
level described there.
@end macro

@macro localdevelopmenttools{}
@c Descriptions of additional, local development tools can be inserted here
@end macro

@macro localsubmission{}
Your source code will be submitted via @code{git push} command to your groups 
@uref{https://classroom.github.com, GitHub Classroom} repository.

The design document should be a copy of the correct template with all
sections completed. It should be named exactly @file{DESIGNDOC} and located
in the proper directory as specified in the assignment instructions.

@enumerate
@item @code{make clean} in your @file{pintos/src} directory.
@item @code{git tag project1} to tag your code for each project
@item @code{git push --follow-tags origin} to push your code (and tags) to GitHub.
@end enumerate

Following these instructions ensures that we can use scripts to
extract, build, and grade your project. The penalty for violating the
instructions is a 10 point deduction; we will give you two warnings
where you can resubmit your project.

@end macro

